docs(config-overview.md): explain order of operations for final config (#32623)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/config-overview.md

# Renovate configuration overview

When Renovate runs on a repository, the final config used is derived from the following config locations. The below is the order of precedence:

1. Default config
2. Global config
2.1 File config
2.2 Environment config

> 2.3 CLI config

Reviewer: How is this expected to look like?

> # Renovate configuration overview

Reviewer 2: The pull request has a typo in the title. The correct spelling is `precedence`. 

But we should use simple words and phrases. How about something like this?

`docs(filename): explain order of operations for final config`

Author: Agree. Done.

> When Renovate runs on a repository, the final config used is derived from the following config locations. The below is the order of precedence:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each time Renovate runs on a repository it reads the configuration files listed below and creates a final config.
This final config describes what Renovate will do during its run.

The final config is internal to Renovate, and is _not_ saved or cached for a later run.
But you can always find the final config in Renovate's logs.

Renovate reads the configuration files in this order (from from top to bottom):
```

I think we should explain that:

- the final config is _internal_ to Renovate
- and that Renovate does _not_ save/cache the final config for later (I think?)
- Renovate puts the final config in the log output 

Plus I'm rewriting bits we already had. 🙂

1. Default config
2. Global config
   2.1 File config
   2.2 Environment config

>    2.3 CLI config

Reviewer: I still see this "rich" diff: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f0328fc8-a93d-4e81-8cf3-4a46846e3fd8)

Is the diff wrong?

Reviewer 2: I don't know how this looks in the published docs... 😞

The published docs use a Python Markdown variant. But the rich diff on GitHub assumes the input is GitHub Flavored Markdown.

I remember us having problems with list formatting as Python Markdown uses 4 spaces. But GitHub-flavored markdown uses different conventions for some list types.

Reviewer 2: > Maybe should we use a) b) c) instead?

Sounds good!

It will probably not fix the problem of the layout, but it's easier to read and remember.

A number and a letter seems better than a number and then a _slightly_ different number.

# Renovate configuration overview

Each time Renovate runs on a repository it reads the configuration files listed below and creates a final config.
This final config describes what Renovate will do during its run.

The final config is internal to Renovate, and is _not_ saved or cached for a later run.
But you can always find the final config in Renovate's logs.

Renovate reads the configuration files in this order (from from top to bottom):

1. Default config
2. Global config

>    2.1 File config
>    2.2 Environment config
>    2.3 CLI config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - File config
   - Environment config
   - CLI config
```

- Default config
- Global config
  - File config
  - Environment config
  - CLI config
- Inherited config
- Resolved presets referenced in config
- Repository config

> This order is the order of precedence. Later configuration overwrites or merges with previous ones, depending whether the element is marked as mergable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above is the order of precedence.
Later configuration overwrites or merges with earlierones, depending whether the element is marked as "mergeable".
```

- Default config
- Global config
  - File config
  - Environment config
  - CLI config
- Inherited config
- Resolved presets referenced in config
- Repository config

> The above is the order of precedence.

Reviewer 2: ## Better layout

I think we should:

1. Move the platform sentence about the "order of preference" to the top of the new numbered list.
2. Convert the list to a numbered list.
3. Say something like: "Items with a higher number override (or merge with) items that have lower numbers. If the item has the mergeable property, it will merge with lower numbers."

### Mockup

Platform sentence.

1. Item one
2. Item two
3. Item three, and so on

Explain how _high_ numbers override or merge with _low_ numbers.
Explain the mergeable property.
Explain where you can find the mergeable property.

Author: Hi,

I updated the branch. Is this ok for you?

> Later configuration overwrites or merges with earlierones, depending whether the element is marked as "mergeable".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Later configuration overwrites or merges with earlier ones, depending whether the element is marked as "mergeable".
```
